Ah, Xiaoqi is gone
On the desk ah ah
Anybody here?
Help!
Ah!
I've been setting it up for so many years
Get off work before the first time
It's nice to get down so early for the first time
Mr. Fang, Mr. Fang
Is there an event for you to go out collectively?
The lady feels that going to and from the design museum to the company
Back and forth
A little tired
Let's get off work early
Since the lady has allowed it
Then you can get off work.
Thank you Mr. Wang
The wind always comes to pick up the lady from get off work, right?
Hong'er is the patient and kind lady
Brother Song Nan relies on his wife's good temper
Verbal collision with the lady many times
Why don't we follow the wind and always tell him
Take it out on the lady
Ok let's go
People are not on the construction site
The phone is here
Smoke alarm
The phone was on fire.
Liu Yaru, let me out
Everyone in Song Nan's company is off work.
You call yourself a monkey and no one comes to save you
Hahahahaha